What is docker?
Docker is a software platform that allows you to build, test, and deploy applications quickly. Docker packages software into standardized units called containers that have everything the software needs to run including libraries, system tools, code, and runtime. Using Docker, you can quickly deploy and scale applications into any environment and know your code will run.
Running Docker on AWS provides developers and admins a highly reliable, low-cost way to build, ship, and run distributed applications at any scale.

How Docker works
Docker works by providing a standard way to run your code. Docker is an operating system for containers. Similar to how a virtual machine virtualizes (removes the need to directly manage) server hardware, containers virtualize the operating system of a server. Docker is installed on each server and provides simple commands you can use to build, start, or stop containers.
AWS services such as AWS Fargate, Amazon ECS, Amazon EKS, and AWS Batch make it easy to run and manage Docker containers at scale.
What is virtual machine and container and differentiate 

Virtual machines
Virtual machines are heavy software packages that provide complete emulation of low level hardware devices like CPU, Disk and Networking devices. Virtual machines may also include a complementary software stack to run on the emulated hardware. These hardware and software packages combined produce a fully functional snapshot of a computational system.
Pros
Full isolation security
Interactive development
Cons
Iteration speed
Storage size cost
Popular virtual machine providers
Virtual box 
VMware
QEMU









Container 
Containers are lightweight software packages that contain all the dependencies required to execute the contained software application. These dependencies include things like system libraries, external third-party code packages, and other operating system level applications. The dependencies included in a container exist in stack levels that are higher than the operating system.

Pros
Iteration speed
Robust ecosystem
 con

